well they were smarter than the enemy
team in that excels the mid-game orion
sauce is gonna hurt the original death
bush by the original gangsters origin
stop this one out amazing is split up on
the rest of the team by them niggas hour
he's down Becca follows quickly size is
being focused down as Featherman is
chasing with the deck ray flat file
the target these down it looks so good
for the other team Adem fanatic they get
that one crucial teamfight where there's
some mistakes in it
breakfast is now in trouble killing
I have this little shield
but a spell shield
p
equalizers down or do all this
down the shot blocks on the side is
yonathan stoned away
two attacks flashing forward
you should find out who won they call
the shutdown
four kills looking for the ice and
there's a beautiful become the first
team in LCS history to do it the perfect
split